Azure: add `Launch a confidential VM` part (#671)
coreos/fedora-coreos-docs: modules/ROOT/pages/provisioning-azure.adoc

== Uploading the image to Azure

. Create any resources that don't already exist in your Azure account:

> +

Author: Sure, updated, thank you for the time to reivew!

== Launching a VM instance using custom-data

. Launch a VM. Your Ignition configuration can be passed to the VM as custom data, or you can skip passing custom data if you just want SSH access. Your SSH public key from `~/.ssh` will automatically be added to the VM. This provides an easy way to test out FCOS without first creating an Ignition config.

> +

Reviewer: idem

----

. You now should be able to SSH into the instance using the associated IP address.

> +

Reviewer: idem

az_blob_ignition_file_name=privateConfig.ign
----

.Upload your ign file to Azure blob storage
[source, bash]
----
az storage blob upload --connection-string "${cs}" -c "${az_blob_ignition_file_name}" -f  "${az_blob_ignition_path}" -n "${ignition_file_name}"
----

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+
```

----

WARNING: Support for Confidential Computing is working in progress in Fedora CoreOS

== Launching a Confidential VM instance

Note: For an overview about confidential VMs on Azure see https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/confidential-computing/confidential-vm-overview[confidential VM overview].

To launch a confidential VM, we need to build image that supports confidential VMs using https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/virtual-machines/azure-compute-gallery[Azure Compute Gallery].

.Example create gallery image that supports confidence
[source, bash]
----
# Create an image gallery
gallery_name="mygallery"
az sig create --resource-group "${az_resource_group}" --gallery-name "${gallery_name}"

# Create a gallery image definition
gallery_image_definition="mygallery-def"
az sig image-definition create \
    --resource-group "${az_resource_group}" \
    --gallery-name "${gallery_name}" \
    --gallery-image-definition "${gallery_image_definition}" \
    --publisher azure \
    --offer example \
    --sku standard \
    --features SecurityType=ConfidentialVmSupported \
    --os-type Linux \
    --hyper-v-generation V2

> # get the source VHD URI of OS disk

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Get the source VHD URI of OS disk
```

os_vhd_storage_account=$(az storage account list -g ${az_resource_group} | jq -r .[].id)

# Create a new image version
gallery_image_version="1.0.0"
az sig image-version create \
    --resource-group "${az_resource_group}" \
    --gallery-name "${gallery_name}" \
    --gallery-image-definition "${gallery_image_definition}" \
    --gallery-image-version "${gallery_image_version}" \
    --os-vhd-storage-account "${os_vhd_storage_account}" \
    --os-vhd-uri https://${az_storage_account}.blob.core.windows.net/${az_container}/${az_image_blob}
----

> To launch a confidential FCOS instance should specify the confidential compute type, and a related https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/confidential-computing/virtual-machine-options[machine type] that supports confidential compute.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To launch a confidential FCOS instance, you need to specify the confidential compute type and use a https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/confidential-computing/virtual-machine-options[machine type] that supports confidential computing.
```

From the command-line, use `--security-type ConfidentialVM` and `--size`. 

.Example launching a Confidential VM instance
[source, bash]
----
vm_name="my-fcos-cvm"
ignition_path="./config.ign"

> # Specify the size that supports confidence (using AMD SEV-SNP)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Specify a size that supports confidential computing (using AMD SEV-SNP for example)
```

vm_size="Standard_DC2as_v5"

# Get gallery image id
gallery_image_id=$(az sig image-version show --gallery-image-definition "${gallery_image_definition}" --gallery-image-version "${gallery_image_version}" --gallery-name "${gallery_name}" --resource-group $az_resource_group | jq -r .id)

> # Create VM with confidence type using generated Gallery image and custom-data

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Create a VM with confidentiel computing enabled using the gallery image and an ignition config as custom-data
```

az vm create \
    --name "${vm_name}" \
    --resource-group $az_resource_group \
    --size "${vm_size}" \
    --image "${gallery_image_id}" \
    --admin-username core \
    --generate-ssh-keys \
    --custom-data "$(cat ${ignition_path})" \
    --enable-vtpm true \
    --public-ip-sku Standard \
    --security-type ConfidentialVM \
    --os-disk-security-encryption-type VMGuestStateOnly \
    --enable-secure-boot true
----

> Note: We pass parameter `--enable-secure-boot true` to enable the secure boot, update the value to `false` to disable secure boot.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE: We pass parameter `--enable-secure-boot true` to enable Secure Boot. Use `false` to disable secure boot.
```

> Note: If you want to get the full console log to debug or check, should append parameter `--boot-diagnostics-storage ${az_storage_account}`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE: To get the full console log, append the parameter `--boot-diagnostics-storage ${az_storage_account}`.
```
